Madam, you are here.
This old thing still offends you
We'll teach him a lesson for you
Shen Guiying, even if you are Zhang Mengjie's biological mother
So what?
I'm going to tell Jay
I'm his real mother.
Do you think Xiaojie will listen to you?
It's all you, I could have spared your life
I didn't expect you to recover your memory
You dare to provoke our feelings in front of Oda
What do you want to do?
As long as you die
I can completely sit in the position of guarding my mother
Jay will die if you say anything to me
Wait for him to force the rich ship out of the house
I'm going to poison him
Is that so?
The property of the Zhang family belongs to me alone
i
I beg you to spare my daughter
I'll give you anything.
Don't be afraid.
I can't possibly miss
You think you're pretending to beg me
Will I punish you easily?
I won.
Besides, I'm determined to wait to unite with you
Even if I die
I won't let you hurt my daughter